support non-Key ID types in rest repositories (#2080)
spring-cloud/spring-cloud-gcp: docs/src/main/asciidoc/spanner.adoc

[source,java]
----
@RepositoryRestResource(collectionResourceRel = "trades", path = "trades")
public interface TradeRepository extends SpannerRepository<Trade, Key> {
}
----

> NOTE: For classes that have multiple PrimaryKey columns, only the `Key` type is supported for the repository ID type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: For classes that have composite keys (multiple `@PrimaryKey` fields), only the `Key` type is supported for the repository ID type.
```
